Added documentation for forms features introduced in V8.7.0. (#3040)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Developer/Healthchecks/index.md

### Resolving Reported Problems

When Umbraco Forms installs an upgrade, it will attempt to apply any schema changes. If though, the update isn't essential, and it can't proceed due to existing data integrity issues, the failed update will be logged and then the rest of the migration will continue.

As well as in the log files, such issues will be visible via the health check and will need to be resolved by applying scripts directly to the database.

To support this, we provide the following SQL scripts:

- Apply database integrity schema changes for 8.7.0 - [8.7.0-apply-keys-and-indexes.sql](scripts/8.7.0-apply-keys-and-indexes.sql)
- Apply database integrity schema changes for 8.7.0 (forms in database tables) - [8.7.0-apply-keys-and-indexes-forms-in-db.sql](scripts/8.7.0-apply-keys-and-indexes-forms-in-db.sql)

The first of these provides the SQL statements required to apply the schema updates for 8.7.0 to the common Umbraco Forms tables. The second applies just to those tables used for when forms are stored in the database, and hence only need to be applied if that option is configured.

> Before running any scripts or queries, please be sure to have a database backup in place.

Reviewer: Added this to a note block in an attempt to highlight the fact that it's important to remember to have a backup in place.

```suggestion
:::note
Before running any scripts or queries, please be sure to have a database backup in place.
:::
```

To take an example, let's say that via the health check results you can see that the _"Unique constraint on table 'UFForms', column 'Key' is missing."_

If you look in the SQL script you'll see that in order to apply this directly to the database, you would need to run the following SQL statement:

```
-- Adds unique constraint to UFForms.
ALTER TABLE dbo.UFForms
ADD CONSTRAINT UK_UFForms_Key UNIQUE NONCLUSTERED 
(
	[Key] ASC
) WITH (PAD_INDEX = OFF, STATISTICS_NORECOMPUTE = OFF, IGNORE_DUP_KEY = OFF, ONLINE = OFF, ALLOW_ROW_LOCKS = ON, ALLOW_PAGE_LOCKS = ON) ON [PRIMARY]
GO
```

If you run it though, you'll see the reason why the migration that ran when Umbraco Forms was upgraded couldn't apply the change:

```
The CREATE UNIQUE INDEX statement terminated because a duplicate key was found for the object name 'dbo.UFForms' and the index name 'UK_UFForms_Key'. The duplicate key value is (...).
```

The constraint can't be applied if there are existing duplicate values, so first they need to be found and removed.

To find duplicate 'Key' field value in this table you can run the following SQL statement:

```
SELECT [Key]
FROM UFForms
GROUP BY [Key]
HAVING COUNT(*) > 1
```

> Which will list out the 'Key' fields that are duplicated in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the statement above will list out the 'Key' fields that are duplicated in the table.
```
